# Banner Kings 1259

This repository contains code for integration patch between Banner Kings and Anno Domini 1259!

**WARNING! THIS IS THE FIRST VERSION OF THE MOD AND PROBLEMS ARE TO BE EXPECTED. DON'T GET ATTACHED TO YOUR SAVE GAME TOO MUCH.**

*DISCLAIMER: I'M NOT AN HISTORY EXPERT. ANY MISTAKES REGARDNIG LANGUAGES, GOVERMENT TYPES, RELIGIONS ETC. ARE DUE TO LACK OF EASILY ACCESSIBLE KNOWLEDGE AND ARE NOT MEANT TO TARGET ANY ETHNICAL OR RELIGIOUS COMMUNITY.*
# Current Features of the mod:

## Languages
The mod contains 28 languages assigned to specific culture groups

## Religions
The mod contains 12 faiths. All of them have their main divinty, doctrines and traits but most of descriptions, names etc. are missing for now: 
- Major faiths (present in more than one countries):
-- Catholicism
-- Eastern Orthodoxy
-- Sunni Islam
- Regional faiths (present in one country):
-- Krstjani (Bosnian Church, present in Bosnia)
-- Armenian Catholicism (present in Cilicia, in one group with main Catholicism)
-- Tengrism (present in Golden Horde)
-- Mongolian Buddhism (present in Ilkhanate)
-- Romuva (Lithuanian paganism, present in Lithuania)
- Minor faiths (present only within minor factions):
-- Shia Islam
-- Catharism
-- Saami Shamanism
- Special faith (not main religion in any country, but present as minority in most of countries):
-- Judaism
## Titles
Current version of the mod has default title system, and automatically generated kingdoms subdivisions. All the kingdoms have manually assigned goverment form, succesion and clan succesions. Duchies are generated by grouping together all towns owned by the same clan. If you wonder how exactly are they made python scripts for generating them are included:
- *prune_settlements.py*: takes settlements.xml file and pruns it to remove unnecesary informations such as villages and settlements components. Generated file is much easier for verifying results, and makes titles generation faster.
- *generate_kingdoms.py*: reads all of kingdom xml files and creates kingdom by assigning default properties to them (goverment, succesions etc.)
- *generate_full_titles.py*: reads the generated kingdoms.xml files as well as pruned_settlements.xml and all clans xmls. It generates full title hierarchy for all kingdoms, but due to simple rule of generation it is far from historical accuracy.
## Custom succesions and goverments:
Goverment types have changed the descriptions to get rid of references to calradian history. Furthermore some of succesions were changed (both by name and mechanics) to make them more historically acurate:
-- Battanian elective -> Elective monarchy (dynasty plays minor role, skills matter much more)
-- Nahasawi elective -> Oligarchic election (mechanically very simillar, wealth matters most)
-- Wilunding elective -> Electio Viritim (*wolna elekcja*, form of Polish government type simillar to elective monarchy, but does not punish foreign candidates)
## Gentry clans from original games were turned off for now due to problems with fps on campaign map
# Roadmap and contributions:
This is an open source repository made with hope of contributions from bannerlord modding community. If you would like to contribute here is the list of things that can be done to further improve this mod:
- **FPS Problem**: It is unfortunately known problem with banner kings. Anno domini 1259 by itself is not perfect and due to much more settlements and kingdoms performance on campaign map is terrible. The gentry clans were turned off. Also recomended is to turn off AI knights and companions in Banner Kings options
- **Descriptions of faiths, languages and divinties**: Most of those have placeholder descriptions for now
- **Historically acurate titles.xml file**: With correctly set duchies, counts and barronies as well as deJure title holders of them
- **Correct faith leaders**: Modify faith leader choosing to e.g. make owner of Papal States always the faith leader of Christianity 
- **Shipping lanes, custom books, market groups etc.**: theese are very optional parts of the mod and may be implemented later

